I hope you guys have me at a nice poem
in your ears and I'm not blowing you out
I mean guess I think of music as as a
therapist and the great thing about is
you don't have to necessarily pay this
for this therapy hourly too much you
know
so certainly writing a song is
therapeutic as well if I'm feeling like
really intense about something I can
normally sit down with a guitar and kind
of get that out a little bit I know I'm
an artist but it's hard for me to admit
that or say that I'm an artist that just
seems so pretentious to me you know
[Music]
Thank You felicity
with my brothers
[Music]
yeah
with this body
[Music]
I began to understand
so
[Music]
ow
some
[Music]
Oh
people discover bands online or through
blogs or websites and I think if you do
decent art or stuff that is interesting
then people will at least take a listen
and certainly with technology advancing
in the internet and and being able to
self promote I think that everybody has
the opportunity to get their music out
there to the people you know you said to
be dedicated and believed and what
you're doing
[Music]